This file represents the history of Duh DRAW, it's drawn from all sorts
of historical files and lore.

27-Jan-2018  [ Unknown ]

Changed the keyboard mappings. The F1-F10 didn't work in gnome-terminal.
So it has been changed to ALT-0...9.


25-Jan-2018  [ Unknown ]

To configure properly duh-term use the following export:

export TERM=vt100


02-Feb-1996  [From the Whatdone file]

 Woah. Had a big week. 
 'ANSI Master' got a new name (DuhDraw) Courtesy HalfLife :) Thanks Mate.
 All work on DuhDraw came to a screeching halt due the fact that
 top was showing it at 96.5% cpu usage. :)
 The problem was traced back to the fact that the function getchar()
 was continously returning -1 to indicate no keypress available.
 After some probing into the nature of tty modes,and just as I was about
 to do a major kludge of a signal driven keyboard driver,I discovered
 cbreak() in the curses library.
 Also thanks to Halflife,there is now the likely hood that pulldown menu's
 will exist in a future version (using LibMenu).
 An MDI (Multiple Document Interface) version of DuhDraw is in the
 works takng much better advantage of LibCurses,something I hardly
 understood at the time DuhDraw was begun.

 In the meantime,block save has been added. Block load is still in the
 works,as is block copy,which is still not working yet.
 It's probable that block move/copy will be implemented by copying a section
 to a 'clipboard' and then pasting clipboard in etc.

 Looking into the nature of gpm (mouse driver) to add much needed 
 mouse support. Surely this will become a major point of kludging
 betwixt the bsd and linux versions.

 Which reminds me,thanks to kmem for working on the BSD port of DuhDraw.

 Added new opening logo screen courtesy Deathblow of The Dirty Dozen.

 Animation mode is still a sticky issue. 
 The problem is not the scanning modes (gate,pyramid,circle etc..)
 but the process of appending color changes,cursor pos'es after the fact.
 We'll see how I feel (and thus how it is finnaly implemented).

 DuhDraw is still a somewhat stupid program in that it assumes VT100+
 term capabilites and 25 line by 80 char display. Running it with a dumb 
 terminal will produce truely ugly results and probably result in a 
 few panicked moments of futile attempts to exit the program. :)

 'all we do is sit around and play with little colored blocks' - Cavalier


06-May-1996  [Reconstructed History]
v2.6.96      This is the latest date on the .lsm file.  This appears to
             actually be the date it was submitted to sunsite.unc.edu.
             The code's origin remain a mystery, other than the name
             Ben Fowler and an obsolete email address.

04-Apr-2002  After repeated attempts to contact "the" Ben Fowler, I managed
v2.6.96      to accidently reach "a" Ben Fowler who says he's been fielding
             responses for the last few years about DuhDraw and that there
             is much confusion, not to mention no one's heard from Ben. 

             The project has been on FreshMeat.net for quite some time and
             appears to be abandonware.  As such, I've opted to pick up
             the task of maintaining it and applying contributed patches.

             Walt Stoneburner, the new maintainer, can be reached at
             <wls@wwco.com> and the home page for the project is
             currently http://www.wwco.com/~wls/opensource/duhdraw.php

             Ben, should you return, I'll gladly hand the torch back.

04-Apr-2002  This version compiles under gcc 3.0.1 or better using
v2.7.0       ncurses.  Known bugs: when the terminal exits, you may
             not have echoing.  For now, do this:
               $ stty sane ; clear ; reset

             Fixes include: 
             - Making the C compiler optimizations more agressive
             - Using NCURSES instead of CURSES
             - Include proper headers
             - General code cleanup and type conversion issues
             - Fix switch statement problems
             - Prevent yes/no from falling out without a return value
             - I/O Flushing so screen reflects state
             - Resolved nested comments
             - Fix bulk initializtion
             - Removed unused variables
             - Remove compiler warnings

05-Apr-2002  Thanks to Pressly Dowler <squirrel@galaxy7.dhs.org> for
v2.7.1       contributing a patch which resolved restoring the terminal
             state to normal when the program ends.  I applied this to
             both DuhDraw and Ansi.

             Thanks to Tamas TEVESZ <ice@extreme.hu> for contributing
             a patch to DuhDraw which allowed it to compile with GCC;
             I had made a goof and use G++ instead.

             New features:
               In ANSI, you can now use space to do a page down and
               return to go down one line.

31-Aug-2002  Pekka Enberg <Pekka.Enberg@cs.helsinki.fi> - patch
v2.7.2       to fix crash when trying to read a file that wasn't open.

03-Sep-2002  Pekka convinced me that the code would be better maintained
v2.7.3       if it were indented to a better standard.  Consequently, I've
             run all the sources through indent using the GNU style.

             Formatting changes only.

04-Sep-2002  Pekka Enberg <Pekka.Enberg@cs.helsinki.fi> - patch
v2.7.4       to remove copy-block code, which always crashed.

04-Sep-2002  Pekka Enberg <Pekka.Enberg@cs.helsinki.fi> reimplements
v2.7.5       copy-block code from scratch.

             Note, there still appears to be a problem where under
             some obscure situation you can get a segmentation
             fault.  However, for the most part this works much
             better than before.

             I've included a new TODO file which addresses
             coding and security issues I'd like to get taken
             care of.

             Minor cleanup was also done to the code in regards
             to get it to compile without warnings via -Wall.

05-Sep-2002  Pekka Enberg <Pekka.Enberg@cs.helsinki.fi> removes
2.7.6        dead commented code in an effort to make the code
             base more maintainable.

05-Sep-2002  Pekka Enberg <Pekka.Enberg@cs.helsinki.fi> repairs
2.7.7        the copy-block overflow problem.

             As he says, "As it turns out, breaking block copy 
             isn't that hard to do after all.  Just copy the whole
             edit buffer (80x1000) to the lower right corner of
             the edit buffer and whoops, you've got segment violation."

             Fixed.

19-Oct-2002 Joe Klemmer <joe@webtrek.com> fixes RPM spec file.
2.7.8
